tracing: add configuration docs for ingress controller (#1827)
pomerium/documentation: content/docs/reference/tracing.mdx

| `otel_log_level` | [`OTEL_LOG_LEVEL`][env/otel_log_level] | `string` |
| `otel_attribute_value_length_limit` | [`OTEL_ATTRIBUTE_VALUE_LENGTH_LIMIT`][env/otel_attribute_value_length_limit] | `int32` |

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Ingress Controller" label="Ingress Controller">
OpenTelemetry tracing options can be configured in the `Pomerium` CRD, for example:

```yaml
apiVersion: ingress.pomerium.io/v1
kind: Pomerium
metadata:
  name: example
spec:
  ...
  otel:
    endpoint: http://jaeger-collector:4317
    protocol: grpc
    headers:
      key: value
    timeout: 10s
    sampling: 1.0
    resourceAttributes:
      key: value
    bspScheduleDelay: 5s
    bspMaxExportBatchSize: 512
    logLevel: info
```

> See the [CRD Definition](https://github.com/pomerium/ingress-controller/blob/a3eea872d5ab8048afa94638223b6e5109cb0132/apis/ingress/v1/pomerium_types.go#L309) for additional details.

Reviewer: user-facing CRD definition is auto-updated in the docs site: 

```suggestion
See the [CRD Definition](https://www.pomerium.com/docs/deploy/k8s/reference#otel) for additional details.
```
